  Given the current pandemic we are in, it is clear that the state of our mental health is on a decline, with anxiety being one of the top mental health challenges. It is important to recognize that the pandemic destigmatized the conversation around mental health. More people are opening up to their close friends and family about their mental health because they know that so many others are experiencing the same type of pandemic struggles and are seeking ways to cope with COVID-19. Many college students fail to develop health mental health practices and the website provides resources and suggestions to help them. 
  71% of of college students from a recent survey (https://www.jmir.org/2020/9/e21279/) admitted to feeling stressed and anxious because of the COVID-19 outbreak. With extra time at home, college students are more susceptible to aimlessly scroll through social media feeds for hours- in fact, according to a Washington Post article, iPhone screen time reports indicate people’s screen time has increased more than 50% during quarantine (https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/03/24/screen-time-iphone-coronavirus-quarantine-covid/). Multiple research studies already pinpointed there is a correlation between mental health and social media intake: the more time spent on social media platforms, the higher the likelihood an individual may experience depression and anxiety. That said, we want to help female college students shift away from social media platforms and explore resources that will benefit their overall mental health and well-being. The project targets female college students ages 18-22.
  We want to encourage a platform that offers them the resources that can help them tackle their mental health struggles in a healthy way. We want to commit ourselves to help female college students prioritize their mental health. During the current times where everything is uncertain, we want to help the community by fulfilling their needs. 

